What do you call a boomerang that won't come back? A stick.
What's the difference between a bad golfer and a bad skydiver? A bad golfer goes, WHACK! "Damn." A bad skydiver goes, "Damn." WHACK!
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend? Wiped his butt.
How can you tell when a lawyer is lying? His lips are moving.
Why is a tree like a dog? Because they both lose their bark when they die.
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a kangaroo? Holes all over Australia.
Why don't blind people skydive? It scares the heck out of the dog.
What do economists and computers have in common? You need to punch information into both of them.
Why won`t cannibals eat clowns? Because they taste funny.
What did the porcupine say to the cactus? Is that you, Mama?
What did one plate say to the other plate? Lunch is on me!
What is black and white and red all over? A sunburnt zebra.
What do birds need when they are sick? A tweetment.
What do you call a sheep with no legs? A cloud.
What did one toilet say to the other toilet? You look a bit flushed.
Why did the man destroy his piano? He was looking for his keys.
Why did piglet look in the toilet? He was looking for Pooh.
Why do cows use the doorbell? Because their horns don't work.
Why did the skeleton play the piano? Because he didn't have any organs.
What is the difference between broccoli and bogies? Kids don't like eating broccoli.
How do you stop a baby alien from crying? You rocket.
Why did the gum cross the road? Because it was stuck to the chicken.
What did the grape do when it got stepped on? It let out a little wine.
Why did the turtle cross the road? To get to the shell station.
Why did the skeleton cross the road? To get to the body shop.
Why did the boy bring a ladder to school? He wanted to see what High School was like.
Why did the stupid racing driver make ten pitstops during the race? He was asking for directions.
Why couldn't they play cards on the ark? Noah was sitting on the deck.
Why did the one-handed man cross the road? To get to the second-hand shop.
Why do golfers take an extra pair of socks? In case they get a hole in one.
Why did the robber take a bath before he stole from the bank? He wanted a clean getaway.
Why did the man throw his pants out the window? He heard the newspaper boy yell "Free Press".
Three people were standing under an umbrella... which one got wet? None of them, it wasn't raining.
Why did the boy tip-toe past the medicine cabinet? He didn't want to wake the sleeping pills!
What did Mickey say when Minnie asked if he was listening? I'm all ears.
How can you make seven even? Remove the "S".
What did one ear say to the other ear? Between us we have brains.
Why was the broom late? It over-swept.
What did one magnet say to the other magnet? I find you very attractive.
What do you call a girl with sausages on her head? Barbie.
Why do elephants never forget? Because nobody ever tells them anything.
What has six eyes but cannot see? Three blind mice.
What do you call someone wearing earmuffs? Anything you want, they can't hear you.
Why is it hard to play cards in the jungle? There are too many cheetahs.
When is it bad luck to see a black cat? When your a mouse.
<How do you stop an elephant from charging? Take away its credit card.
What do you get if you cross a fish with an elephant? Swimming trunks.
Where do hamsters come from? Hamsterdam.
Why did the teacher write the lesson on the windows? He wanted the lesson to be very clear.
What room can a student never enter? A Mushroom.
Why did the teacher marry the janitor? Because he swept her off her feet.
Could you please pay a little attention? I'm paying as little attention as I can.
What do stylish frogs wear? Jumpsuits.
What did the frog order at McDonalds? French flies and a diet Croak.
How does a frog feel when he has a broken leg? Unhoppy.
How do you identify a bald eagle? All his feathers are combed over to one side.
Why do cows wear bells? Because their horns dont work.
Why do hens lay eggs? If they dropped them, they'd break.
What has a bottom at the top? Your legs.
What do diapers and Politicians have in common? They both need changing regularly... for exactly the same reason.
Why do parents give children a middle name? So the child knows when it is in seriously in trouble.
What would you have if you crossed a panther with a beef burger? Really fast food.
Why do birds fly south for the winter? Because it is much too far to walk.
Why is it unpleasant to eat a meal next to a group of basketball players? They dribble far too much.
What is a cow with no legs called? Ground beef.
What route do crazy people take to go through the woods? They follow the psycho path.
What do people in prison use to communicate with one another? Cell phones.
Why are fish so easy to weigh? Because they have their own scales.
Why is that all cats dislike flying saucers? Because it is impossible for them to reach the milk.
What is the difference between roast beef and pea soup? Anyone can roast beef but nobody can pea soup.
Why did the room packed with married people seem empty? Because there wasn't a single person there.
If it takes six men eight hours for a wall to be built, how long would three men take to build it? It wouldn't take any time, it has already been built
Why was the confused looking woman staring at the can of frozen apple juice for twenty minutes? Because it said Concentrate on the side of the can.